docs: add migration instructions to the first lit@2.0 releases (#1908)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: projects/documentation/content/guides/migration-guide.md

<details>
	<summary><strong>Package Versions</strong></summary>
	<div class="table-container">
		<table class="spectrum-Table spectrum-Table--sizeM">
			<thead class="spectrum-Table-head">
				<tr>
					<th class="spectrum-Table-headCell">Package</th>
					<th class="spectrum-Table-headCell">Version</th>
				</tr>
			</thead>
			<tbody class="spectrum-Table-body">
				{% for pkg in versions %}<tr class="spectrum-Table-row">
					<td class="spectrum-Table-cell">
						<a href="{{ pkg.dir }}">{{ pkg.name }}</a>
					</td>
					<td class="spectrum-Table-cell">
						<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/{{ pkg.name }}/bundle/v/{{ pkg.version }}">{{ pkg.version }}</a>
					</td>
				<tr>{% endfor %}
			</tbody>
		</table>
	</div>
</details>

> ### Using `lit@2.0` inside of `lit-html` and/or `LitElement`

Author: Clarifies the required changes we've seen in test upgrades to date.

If you are currently using `lit-html@1.x` and/or `lit-element@2.x` within your project and are looking to consume these new package versions without updating to `lit` as well, you should generally have no issue. Manual migration may be required in the case that your application is consuming template literal versions of the icons available in `@spectrum-web-components/icons-ui` or `@spectrum-web-components/icons-workflow` directly from their default exports as follows:

```js
import { LitElement } from 'lit-element';
import { html } from 'lit-html';
import '@spectrum-web-components/icon/sp-icon.js';
import { RedoIcon } from '@spectrum-web-components/icons-workflow';

export class ElementWithicon extends LitElement {
    render() {
        return html`
            // ...
            <sp-icon>${RedoIcon()}</sp-icon>
            // ...
        `;
    }
}
```

> In this case the `RedoIcon()` literal will be wrapped in the `html` template literal tag as supplied by `@spectrum-web-components/icons-workflow`. After this update, the version of this tag will no longer be compatible with the `html` template literal tag applied in the `render()` method of your custom element. You can correct this by applying your local value for `html` to the icon literals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, `RedoIcon()` returns a value built with the `html` dependency of `@spectrum-web-components/icons-workflow`. After this update, that value will no longer be compatible with the `html` tag in the `render()` function here, which is still built with the `lit-html` module.

There are two ways to correct this. We recommend replacing template-literal icons with icon elements, resulting in better performance and decoupled dependencies:
```

```js
import { html } from 'lit-html';
import {
    RedoIcon,
    setCustomTemplateLiteralTag,
} from '@spectrum-web-components/icons-workflow';

setCustomTemplateLiteralTag(html);

> ```

Reviewer: If you accept the above suggestion, the examples will need to be flipped.

> Or, you can avoid running into issues like this in the future, while leveraging more performant icon delivery, by leveraging fully registered icon elements instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, provide your local value for `html` to the icon templates via `setCustomTemplateLiteralTag`:
```

```js
import { LitElement } from 'lit-element';
import { html } from 'lit-html';
import '@spectrum-web-components/icons-workflow/icons/sp-icon-redo.js';

export class ElementWithicon extends LitElement {
    render() {
        return html`
            // ...
            <sp-icon-redo></sp-icon-redo>
            // ...
        `;
    }
}
```

> ### Javascript re-exports

Author: Clarifies some changes that are not yet in #1401 but have been previously announced the the leads team.

```js
// @spectrum-web-components/base
export * from 'lit';
```

```js
// @spectrum-web-components/base/decorators.js
export * from 'lit/decorators.js';
```

```js
// @spectrum-web-components/base/html.js
export { nothing, render } from 'lit/html.js';
```

```js
// @spectrum-web-components/base/directives.js
export { ifDefined } from 'lit/directives/if-defined.js';
export { repeat } from 'lit/directives/repeat.js';
export { classMap } from 'lit/directives/class-map.js';
export type { ClassInfo } from 'lit/directives/class-map.js';
export { styleMap } from 'lit/directives/style-map.js';
export type { StyleInfo } from 'lit/directives/style-map.js';
export { until } from 'lit/directives/until.js';
export { live } from 'lit/directives/live.js';
```

> Additional `lit` exports can be acquired directly from that package and with the reduction of `instanceof`-centric checking within the `lit-html` library it is possible that overtime we lean towards that being the preferred path towards acquiring this values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional `lit` exports can be acquired directly from the `lit` package.

With Lit 2.0 bringing same-document library-version flexibility, re-exporting from shared base libraries is less critical. We may eventually recommend direct imports from `lit` as the preferred path towards acquiring these values.
```
